The person that gave me the best advice about joining the military I'd
have to say would be my father. He was in the army and although I never
saw him while he was at work, well just barely, it was as a kid
you know, I sit in the corner playing video games or something with
my gameboy. But he did tell me you know, when he came home what his day
was like. He'd say some of the things about the work they have
to do, the PT that he had to do, the people he had to supervise. I also
saw the type of life that we lived in. I know that like it was a very
nice clean environment, he showed me his corvette outside and
we took it for a spin a few times. We would always be going on vacations,
and he'd tell me like these are the benefits that are associated
with the military, any he'd develop my pride and my motivation to
join later on you know. If he wouldn't have been in the army, maybe
who's to say that I would have joined myself, but military families
have a high rate of convincing other people around them to join.